chore: `yarn_pnp` tests uses `gatsby-dev-cli` instead of portals (#35699)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-dev-cli/README.md

#### `--force-install`

Disable copying files into node_modules and force usage of local npm repository.

#### `--external-registry`

> Run `yarn add` commands without the `--registry` flag. This is helpful when using yarn 2/3 and you need to use `yarn config set npmRegistryServer http://localhost:4873` for `gatsby-dev-cli` to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `yarn add` commands without the `--registry` flag. This is helpful when using yarn 2/3 and you need to use `yarn config set npmRegistryServer http://localhost:4873` and `echo -e 'unsafeHttpWhitelist:\n  - "localhost"' >> .yarnrc.yml` before running `gatsby-dev-cli`.
```

Reviewer: Can be skipped from that PR for the sake of landing this faster
